Let's go to our main success rate let's create a new rules here this this let's say that this is going
to be the work section we're here.
We're going to do this with hashtags so work or hear more hashtags on we're hearing this.
Then once we have it we're going to say stack and work and I'm going to say title right.
Because the first things first I'd actually want to have a title differently.
Right.
You can see that slant is going this way.
So it actually would want to flip it.
So what I'm going to say over here since this was X marks this makes it very easy.
We're going to say flex direction we're going to say roll and reverse it.
So we have to do pretty much to flip it around.
Then after that we're going to have a margin with the same margin top.
We're just going to push an apple up right.
We're going to give it a negative 20 pixels.
Then after that we would want to have few changes right.
First of all we want the bird border more here than we would want to change the margins and paddings
So let's go one by one and let's actually add them before that.
Let's add some more room.
So here's what I'm going to say that this is going to be a hash tag work and we're going to have a title
icon here and we'll get our fun thoughts I might come on here like this.
Then we're going to see margin and margin right zero.
So what I want I want to get rid of this marginal area.
Right.
So I'm going to say margin right.
And I'm going to say zero.
Now you can see the margin here but now I want to put it over here.
So we're going to say we're here.
Margin left.
We're going out and pixels like this.
Then what we would want is to work with a text.
Right.
So let's go back over here.
We're going to say that this is going to be work work or here and then we're going to say title and
text and what we would want to order here we would want a padding.
And I'm going to say padding left and we're going to say zero.
Right.
And I can see I got rid of this back.
We don't need it anymore.
I don't know we're here what are we're going to say padding right then.
Right.
So we're going to say padding right 10 pixels.
And so now we pushed it away or here and then we're going to say border and border right here.
Right.
And this is going to be three pixels solid.
And this is going to be hash tag B 5 C B.
And then we have a four here seven.
And I actually missed something right.
I think I in store here.
So this is going to be over here right now we have the caller and we're left.
We need to get rid of it.
So we don't need this border.
So what we're going to say something here I want to say borderer left and we're going to send That's
it.
Now it's gone.
Now we want a remember when we had this give.
Right.
This was the parent for all of them right work center.
Right now we need to work with this guy Llobet.
So we're going to say we're here that we would want a glass work center.
What we would want first we want a padding top bottom 40 pixels right here like this and we're going
to say zero.
Right.
Because it's only top bottom.
So the site is going to be zero.
Then what we want is Max with Again it's all going to go with Max with and Max with is going to be 90
percent this and over here we're going to see margin and margin we're going to say this is going to
be zero auto or like this.
Right.
So again what's happening right now is that images are not style.
That's what it looks like.
That's right.
But we're going to get there don't worry about it.
Actually image is the next one we're working on.
Now we're going to say work image here.
First things first I'm going to say this play you say block then we're going to say with 100 percent
right to the response.
And right away we got them and just like looking like this.
And then what we would want a border going to Syria is 10 pixels.
Right.
So you can see we're going to make these entries and then we're going to have a border and we're going
to say three pixels solid and we're going to say again F F and C 9 1 for like this.
Right.
So now we added a yellow border.
Now we cannot see it.
We haven't added any more.
All right.
Now what we would do right now would work with a button group.
Right.
So what I'm going to say is or you see this modern group.
This is what we're interested in these guys.
So I'm going to say we're here.
Class button and or you say group here.
And then we're going to have a pairing and the batting is going to be zero top zero.
Right.
Forty pixels bottom here and zero here.
Then we're going to have a display.
This is going to be flex.
So I line them up in the flex then or hear what I'm going to say that this is going to be a flex ramp.
Right.
Once the screen is going to get smaller they can actually wrap not shrink wrap.
This is going to be set equal to wrap around this and then we're going to have a justified content center.
Right now I can see that actually place them in the center.
Now let's work with the actual buttons.
Right.
So here button.
And when I say group and once we have a class selection of button group that's red button here.
And again what we want with the buttons display.
Inline block.
First things first on here like this.
Then putting 10 pixels over here and 20 pixels or here.
Right.
So batting like this then we're going to have a font size here.
It's going to be 25 pixels like this.
And then we'll have a margin.
Margins are going to be 10 pixels we're reading this right some modules are going to be all around all
around and then we're going to have a border.
We're going to say reduce.
And this is going to be five pixels.
So again we're going to make the radius around and then we're going to say text transform and you're
going to have a uppercase like this then we're going to have a caller.
So we're going to have a hashtag at 5 3 EF 5 like this and this is going to be a white color and then
we're get to the background and the background is going to be hash tag 0 0.
And this is going to be seven.
Each one right.
So this is going to be the blue color again that we are going to be using.
Now remember when we had a article.
Right.
Number two is great picture item.
Was going actually styled this guy.
So first we're going to say is class picture item and what we're going to say we're here to with it
is going to be what calque.
Right we're going to use a method to rewrite this function.
We're going to say 50 percent we're like this minus 20 pixels or here right.
So basically what I'm saying or here is I would want a with to be 50 percent minus 20 pixels Oria.
All right.
So we're going to have it like this and then we're going to have a margin and the margin we're going
to say we're here is going to be 10 pixels.
And then once we have here the picture at home I just do a media screen media screen.
And I don't say hand and here we're going to say men with an hour here we're going to have a nine nine
two pixels right.
Nine hundred ninety two.
No we're going to say it's going to be picture item here and then we're going to say with and now we're
going to change the width.
Right.
So with that going to we're going to do calque or here Kelk and then we're going to say 25 percent of
what you say 25 percent minus 20 pixels wide.
So that's going to be the gap in between.
So now we save this on here and we're going to go back over here and recording we're going to refresh.
Right.
And now would we would want to do is actually add the ice it talk to our project.